2, RT  A  shout-out to our  friends!        ...
2, J&J met mommybloggers to engage them for tyl recall IT WorkED! Melissa Katz
2, Robbie Benson loves the smile of his CT surgeon Dr Pettersson
2, RT  Robbie Benson is riveting in his description of his 9 major surgeries, 4 open hearts
2, RT  Key note speaker Robbie Benson describes his harrowing experiences as a patient w 4 open heart surgeries
2, RT  Advancing the Patient Experience through Philanthropy panel visual recording notes
2, Robbie Benson keynote, actor, author on his heart surgery since 8y o,  Dr Pederson 1y ago
2, RT    Findings show that being able to read faces helps to create empathy = person-to-person communication face-to ...
2,  lunch?
2, Santalucia HEART :
2, RT   Carol Santalucia of Cleveland Clinic speaking on service recovery. Shared the "Respond with H.E.A.R.… (cont)  ...
2, H.E.A.R.T. TM Carol Santalucia  Office of Patient Experience: systematic employee training
2, Beth Lown: Schwartz Center rounds improving Relationship-Centered healthcare via online CME
2, Melissa Katz Perception is reality: clip from TV demand of MD increases trustworthiness
2, William Branch Jr Emory mentors have great impact on increasing empathy
2, Cheryl Tupper  "Caring Attitudes" $1M/y grants improving patient experience across institutions
2,  answer 2 how 2 deal w/ patients private info online: anonymize, write long after occurred, stick 2 condition NOT person
2, The view from the speaker's seat at Cleveland Clinic's
2, RT  Ok  tweeters - I'm gonna just toss it out there - Table 45 after sessions? Whose in?    ...
2, tweetless   Kiosk=revolutionary: never b4 seen pts get 1st visit in RiteAid kiosk w/o physically seeing MD ever b4
2, RT     measuring ...
2, RT  Yes! Yes! Yes! RT   did u like my prezi?
2, RT   easily measurable vs. Intangible results in   content of comments, analytics, relationship building
2, RT  Next up - Debra Beaulieu from Fierce Practice Management (
2, RT  Next up - Kate O'Neill ( from meta marketer also discussing measurement in social media.
2, RT  "Twitter's amplification effect is huge. It's the AP news wire of this generation." From  at
2, RT   shared great pic! Patients are posting on fb in your waiting room too! Like what they say?    http:/ ...
2, RT  Edge rank: Your brand's message doesn't necessarily get into someone's FB stream. Fans do not equal engagement.
2, RT  This track: Measurement in Social Media: How Do We Know If It Works?
2, Kiosk  = American Well,  NOT Epic EMR used  IMHO a mistake since past history unavailable and miss out on PMH
2, RT   just acknowledged all the  tweeters!
2, RT   tries to respond to PT complaint on Twitter within 2 hours. Otherwise the crowd moves on.
2, RT   give an example of an interaction with a patient on Facebook
2, What a rush!  Loved speaking  and would love to come back! contact/follow me  - see my slides via
2, RT   consults his personal Twitter stream for questions before he leaves the stage.
2, RT   tweeters self organize, only say online what you would tell your worst enemy
2, RT  "You can never be anonymous,"  reminds us when talking about healthcare in social media.
2, RT  . "Don't ever believe you can be anonymous"
2, RT    q + a - one to many communication not one to one on social media sites
2, RT  +1 RT  Love a doctor w/a sense of humor & social media skills.  certainly qualifies.
2, RT  Love a doctor w/a sense of humor & social media skills.  certainly qualifies.
2, RT  Great to see/hear media savvy doc like  He gets it.
2, RT  Choi: Watch ur humor on social media.
2, RT  Speaker Enoch Choi now describing his public Fb page. Personal stuff goes on the private page.
2, RT   talks about Patch.com and the localization of media. Local editor  is here!
2, RT    personal policies for   no PHI, on own time, watch your humor, make it clear it is your own opinion
2, RT   using Prezi to tell the  social media strategy story- brilliant!
2, RT   speaking  using Prezi - has personal and public Facebook pages as a physician
2, Touching parent bloggers presenting
2, RT  Accession setting up retail clinics in 6 drug store sites in New York state.  Scoop!
2, RT  Rite Aid, BCBS of Western NY, and Ascension Health are partnering to bring a pharmacy kiosk to market.
2, RT   Acension Health scope of online care is protocol driven - will evolve to kiosk in Rite Aid stores
2, RT  Ascension describing setting up diagnosing patients via web.
2, Ascension Health : Via Christi On Call, retail telemedicine kiosk, like minute clinic
2, RT  Ascension Health providing care experiences online (Through www.americanwell.com I think?)
2, RT   Acension health uses net promoter score - online experience is part of strategy beyond 5 yrs
2, RT   Ascension Health center for transformational development up next - wholistic sustainable models
2, RT  Next up: Michael Vollmer and Julia Smalley from Ascension Health
2, RT   J&J case study - children with diabetes - community self corrects, leave inaccurate content on site
2, RT   eventually you have to participate in the conversation   - J&J moved delicately into social media
2, RT  So true... "Every patient interaction has a ripple effect," Melissa Katz
2, Melissa Katz Perception is reality: clip from TV demand of MD increases trustworthiness
1, RT  Kaiser sees SMS more like a phone call than an email so the security piece in HIPAA doesn't apply
1, RT  Ida Sim: evidence farming - sustainable, friendly to patient and clinician
1, RT  King County- Seattle Text Messaging Project flyer
1, RT  RT   folks: You can view/download slides & research from   talk at  ...
1, RT  RT  Roni Zeiger, M.D., Google talking Google Body now.
1, RT  Awesome demo of Google Body ! Explore the layers of human anatomy via search!    by
1, RT  The act of a doctor writing a URL (googlebody) on a prescription brings emotion to the interaction
1, RT  Recap of Day 1 - Mobile Health at Stanford -   - Thanks Frank!
1, RT   crowd-sourcing & crowd-casting, immersive videos, & 3d video(?) are the things that are coming according to John Masc ...
1, IMHO as AHRQ reviewer, applicants better have other funding! “ fed grant gauntlet=why need business model -> apps sustainable.
1, IMHO as AHQR reviewer, applicants better have other funding! “ fed grant gauntlet=why need business model -> apps sustainable.
1, RT  Bedsider. Find a doctor, find a method, find a happier you in bed. www.bedsider.org  Larry Swiader shows birth cont ...
1, RT   from Google presenting on GoogleBody... this would have made biology lab much more bearable
1, RT   How can a small nonprofit technoogy co have impact at scale? Partnership
1, RT  MEMOTEXT weights distribution of SMS msg types based on assessment of user's personality
1, RT  most tailored SMS: those written by YOU at baseline, then sent to you later. duh, and awesome
1, RT  interestion notion of message dose, dose adjustments, and if they're predetermined or based on user's feedback
1, RT  Heather Cole-Lewis reviewing data on texting for health behavior change. She's wicked smart and is one to watch
1, RT  texting health interventions, consider saying "delete after u read this"
1, RT  We need not just systematic reviews, but a user-friendly hub for what works in texting teens or HIV positive or others
1, RT  Texting in the City - how to use birth control was most popular question
1, RT  and adolescents are always texting... even during their pelvic exam
1, RT  adolescence isn't about self-centeredness and disobedience, but of innate vulnerability
1, RT  But the kids said: we need support more often. So she's scaling with startup eproximity "duet"
1, RT  pediatrician had stunning success with kids' glucose control by texting them ~weekly...
1, RT  A compelling experience, not compelling technology, will change behavior -
1, RT  RT  pediatrician had stunning success with kids' glucose control by texting them ~weekly...
1, RT  text promotes more honesty from patients than face to face with health care professional
1, RT  relationships vs putting patients through a protocol - something to consider in mobile health interventions
1, RT  role of women in mobile heatth - women are often viewed as beneficiaries rather than partners in the design process
1, RT  mhealth may be a leapfrog opportunities for developing countries; US is mired in legacy systems
1, RT  can we make the case for insurance to take up the cost of mobile health technologies?
1, RT  link mobile heatlh systems to mobile banking and health insurance claims and reimbursement
1, RT  convergence on 3 areas of mhealth in developing countries: point of care support; health info systems, telemedicine
1, RT  Majority of mobile heatlh studies from high income countries
5, my  talk on Disaster Medical Relief
5, RT  Innovation under extreme conditions happened at  quake
5, RT  Regular people can help from where they are by leveraging social media for disaster situations
5, RT  Dr. Enoch Choi - volunteers more agile than Red Cross in San Diego fires
5, RT  Dr. Enoch Choi talks about how medicine in extreme situations creates a form of peace innovation
5, RT  Next phase of Releif 2.0 is to help local entrepreneurs restart their businesses as soon as possible
5, RT  More info on Relief 2.0 at this website ->
5, RT  Relief 2.0 is the lean startup version of humanitarian aid
5, RT  Relief 2.0 leveraged networked individuals, social media to provide crowdsourced, agile crisis response
5, RT  Robin Low of Relief 2.0 presents a bottoms up entrepreneurial approach to disaster relief
5, RT  Dr. Enoch Choi - local churches provided more assistance than Red Cross during Katrina
5, RT  it was the UN Peacekeepers who brought Cholera to Haiti
5, RT   in Calif: How do we get older ppl to care about younger people that they didn't give birth to?
5, RT  GO WATCH this TED talk: Ric Elias* - 3 Things I Learned While my Plane Crashed  www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_zk2DpgLCs
5, RT   RELIEF  needs more volunteers-lg shipment clothes/supply-much 2do-n00bs welcome,contact him
5, RT  Japan - shows how unprepared we are here in the US. (
5, RT   - large organizations very slow to arrive in disaster areas
5, RT  listening to  at  - great tales of med disaster relief, and how to get resources.
5, RT  'we are here to create change, we are here to move people' Dan Sapp
3, RT           few photos htt ...
3,  what a blast, can't wait till the next one, for now, having 5 dozen kids' classmates over for pool BBQ
3, My order is d h f g a c b e I j k. Actual  is d f I g h e a c e b k j. was off less than a standard deviation ;)  Monte Bello
3, RT  The line up/price list of the vertical we tasted.
3,  my guess on Monte Bello aging: DHFGACBE
3, loving the older  Monte Bello vintages with sourdough and EVOO
3,  Monte Bello "F" is in 80's IMHO with its fruit, i'm enjoying it!
3, RT   blogging crew!
3,  Montebello "C" and "E" are my favs so far, deliciously fruity, from the 90's by my best guess
3,  blind taste of Montebello "D" reminds me of the 1972 i had with my brother Andy Choi for his birthday at
3, also here at  blogger tasting;
4, RT   Half awarss presented so far - most consistent quality of recipients is humility
4, RT  Congratulations! RT  Dr Enoch Choi is our Special Achievement Hero
4, Judges Choice Carlos Benitez Good Sam sends supplies to Latin America
4, My colleague! Future leader Dr Peter Paul Yu, Dir CA Rsch
4, Research&Innovation Dr Euan Thomson Accuray Inc
4, Physician Dr Thad Padua O'Connor
4, Board Member Roger Knopf Regional Hospital
4, Non-MD provider Pam Lehner El Camino Hospital
4, Administrator Joanne Allen St Louise
4, Community Advocate Gay Crawford
4, James Dover CEO O'Connor
