2, not funny, I'm up next!  Ahahahahahahahahaha! Fire alarm is going off. This happens like once a day.
2, RT  Matsen: social media writing goes thru one funnel so it has consistent voice
2, RT   doesn't have a lot of out of pocket costs for social media, mostly manpower.
2, RT  Good luck to  and others at  Looking forward to hearing insights on patient experience.
2, RT  Cleveland Clinic's mobile site:  and Let's Move It! mobile App:
2, RT  Out of 5000 hospitals only 906 of them use social media to engage their patients.
2, RT  Matsen: video drives tablet devices such as iPad
2, RT  Vids should be on HTML5.  AGREED
2, RT  People getting surgery sometimes check youtube to see the surgery being done before they have the procedure.
2, RT  Cool Clinic Facebook page allows patients to share their experiences.
2, RT  Matsen: Social media requires sufficient manpower to keep content fresh
2, RT   make Facebook a two way conversation - share personal stories - Paul Matsen
2, RT  Twitter can be used to improve patient experience and aid in service recovery - Paul Matsen
2, RT  The Clinic monitors the patient "tweets" when in the hospital system. Good service recovery.
2, RT  Cleveland Clinic offers  answers general questions about health and medicine. Pretty cool.
2, RT   have to have a service recovery strategy within   - Paul Matsen
2, RT   Paul Matsen  citing  stats on hospital adoption of
2, RT  Less than 20% of hospital systems using social media.
2, RT  Facebook is the  most visited website - has surpassed Google. (I feel like I should have known that - but didn't)
2, RT   growth of smartphone use largest single trend to watch + tablets in healthcare
2, RT  Now listening to Paul Matsen: takeaway -- smartphone use will grow by 50% in 2015. Get on board.
2, RT  17% of people have used their phone to look up health or medical information - Paul Matsen
2, RT  Paul Matsen  23 pct of Facebook users have followed a friends medical condition online
2, RT  Pew stat: 23% of social network users have followed a friend's personal health experiences or updates online.
2, Thanks to  for a ride and a nice chat with an old blogging buddy, hope u enjoy the  !
2, Paul Matsen Chief MarCom Officer  keynote on Social Media: "don't interrupt, engage!"
2, James Merlino, chief experience officer overview
2, Pic of audience for my talk at cleveland clinic, link to my talk:
1, RT  most mhealth projects are in developing countries; target populations <100k, local and funded by aid programs
1, RT  1 in 4 users is a self tracker (weight/diet, etc.)
1, RT  mobile difference = people are more likely to share/status updates
1, RT  location enabled/driven data helps people find just in time info/resources where they are
1, RT  28% of 18-29 year olds use their cellphones to look for health info
1, RT  Mobile can reach a different audience; 48% of african americans, 40% Latinos used cellphones to access internet
1, RT  6 in 10 US adults gather health info online
1, RT  59% of U.S. adults go online wirelessly -  spkg at
1, RT  RT  The developing world is creating many of the platforms for what could be done in developed world.
1, RT  "We need user-focused design & to engage the targeted beneficiaries from the beginning."
1, RT  RT  pediatrician had stunning success with kids' glucose control by texting them ~weekly   <-
1, RT  "Information can also be community support - something people don't always have." - patient comment on study
1, RT  The human element is important to keep in mind as we interpret data that comes out of randomized clinical trials -
1, RT  Know the population you are delivering service to. What are their needs? - panel
1, RT  We should be learning from the people we serve in health care - as well as providing value.
5, RT  if we're hiding behind powerpoint, we're no longer present and we lose our power to connect - Dan Sapp   ...
5, RT  habits that come from fear allow to develop callouses - Dan Sapp
5, RT  being fully present, being mindful is hard  - Dan Sapp
5, RT  If you want to feel enlighted, but don't feel enlightened, just act enlightened - Dan Sapp
5, RT  Dan Sapp - enlighted thinking is about reducing suffering and creating peace one person at a time   ...
5, RT  Dan Sapp - one of the most powerful innovations for peace is the technology of the human heart
5, RT  Dan Sapp - 'we can literally create peace today'
5, RT  Provost James Houpis quotes Kennedy as he talks about the need for us to create peace in the world
5,  at  now, speaking next
3, blind tasting is so delicious it's so hard to say how one is to another, they age so well!
3, OMG!!! vertical of  Montebello, tasted blind, we get to guess the order!  Correction: Black Mountain Room
3, 1st Blogger tasting in new Blue Mountain Room at  with
3, luv  1st  2011
3, RT  New 2008  estate cabernet is a great value. Excellent stuff
3, RT  Up at  for another bloggers' tasting
4, Linda Ankeny RN Good Sam & Linda Richards RN SCVMC
4, RT   James Dover "Everyone who works in health care is a hero"
4, RT  We are honoring 18 Health Care Heroes this morning
4, RT   Health care heroes bfast begins w/  colleagues
4, Barry Swenson sponsor of SJBJ  wants to build housing on health care facilities' parking lots, green:save gas
4, RT  We will post Health Care Heroes awards live after 8 a.m. Pacific using hashtag
